Avoid "whitelist" according to rust-lang/rust changes (#821)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/crates-io.md

TODO: what is the vetting process?

> ## Pemitted dependencies

Reviewer: Pemitted -> Permitted

Author: Thanks!

> The `tidy` tool has [crates that are allowed]. To add a

Reviewer 2: perhaps "a list of crates..."?

Author: You're right, thanks!

> dependency that is not already in the compiler, you will need to add it to these
> crates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dependency that is not already in the compiler, you will need to add it to the list.
```
